(1+1) EA summary

“F1_OneMax”
Summary: The trend of the mean resembles half a sigmoid curve, with a plateau representing the range of fitness evalutations required to reach the optimum solution occuring roughly after 910 

Interesting observations: 
1.	The optimum solution was reach well before the maximum iteration budget of 100,000 was exausted, with solutions being found between 800 - 1800 iterations 

“F2_LeadingOnes”
Summary: The trend of the mean is roughly linear.

Interesting observations: 
1.	There is a very wide standard deviation towards the middle to end, indicating significant variability in the efficiency of the algorithm for this fitness function.


“F3_A linear function with harmonic weights”
Summary: The trend of the mean resembles a half sigmoid curve, with a plateau occuring roughly after 911 fitness evaluations

Interesting observations:
1.	Results seem very similar to those for OneMax, however the range of iterations in which the optimum value is found is significantly larger, being roughly between 800 - 2800 iterations

“F18_LABS”
Summary: Large jump in fitness at evaluation number 1696, with a roughly linear trend thereafter

Interesting observations: 
1.  Sudden jump in fitness at the beginning indicates an extremely sudden ramping followed by a sudden plateau in fitness, with little improvement in fitness beyond that point.
2.  No trials successfully reached an optimum result before reaching the 100,000 iteration budget.

“F23_N-Queens problem”
Summary: Uneaven but steady increase in fitness with wide standard deviation up to a plateau of 8.5 at evaluation 761, which continues until the maximum iteration count is reached.

Interesting observations: 
1.	The plateau is very consistent, with no change in either the fitness value or standard deviation observed until the maximum iterations is reached

“F24_concatenated trap”
Summary: The trend begins linearly, before slowly increasing up to the final plateau value of 16

Interesting observations:
1.	There is very little difference in fitness values. The average fitness starts at 15.76 and ends at 16
2.  Once the plateau at evaluation 925 occurs there is no standard deviation at all.


“F25_NKL”
Summary: The x axis log plot shows a sigmoid curve trend, with a plateau at 17,000 evaluations with little change past this point

Interesting observations:
1.	All returned fitness values are negative.
2.  Fitness values of -3.0 and greater occured within about 1000 trials, viewing a linear axis plot shows an incredibly sharp increase at the beginning relative to the performance thereafter
